gh-browse: add page (#6281)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-browse.md

# gh browse

> Open a GitHub repository in the browser or print the URL.
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_browse>.

> - Open the home page of the current repository in the default web browser:

Reviewer: I think we should use `homepage` (https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?geo=AT&q=home%20page,homepage)
```suggestion
- Open the homepage of the current repository in the default web browser:
```

`gh browse`

> - Open the home page of a specific repository in the default web browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the homepage of a specific repository in the default web browser:
```

`gh browse {{owner}}/{{repository}}`

- Open the settings page of the current repository in the default web browser:

`gh browse --settings`

- Open the wiki of the current repository in the default web browser:

`gh browse --wiki`

- Open a specific issue or pull request in the web browser:

`gh browse {{issue_or_pull_request_number}}`

- Open a specific branch in the web browser:

`gh browse --branch {{branch_name}}`

> - Open a specific file or directory of the current repository in the web browser (the path should be relative to the repository):
> 
> `gh browse {{path/to/file_or_folder}}`

Reviewer: Do you think we should make a little exception here?
```suggestion
- Open a specific file or directory of the current repository in the web browser:

`gh browse {{path_from_root_of_repository}}`
```

Reviewer 2: I don't like this but I can't see an alternative since anything shorter I think of indicates from / root

Reviewer 2: I could maybe have a `the` between `from` and `root`

Reviewer 3: That's right, @CleanMachine1. This is the root of the *repository*, not the system - hence `{{/path/to/file}}` is not appropriate here.

I think this is the best we can do in this situation.

> - Display the destination URL without open the web browser:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print the destination URL without open the web browser:
```

This may be like my newcoming of disliking display but print works better here potentially since it was used in the title description
